Mideaval, (England, Piraty, and Asian.), World War, Post-Apocalyptic.

Battalion of Magi Protection

-Most advanced
-Lives on throughout the Apocalypse
-Has the Triquetra as its flag
-Least likely to attack, but has the highest Defense power.

Dephry

-Least advanced
-Definitely does not live through Ragnarok
-Has a shield on its flag.
-Just plain old sucks.

Libertica

-Middle advanced
-Tries to live through Apocalypse, but fails.
-Has a Sword, Spear, and Arrow on its flag, arranged in a triangle.
-Most likely to attack.

Midevil era:

0 (discovery of magic) - 450

At year 0, all the countries were quiet. There were more than there are now, as of year 168. Most of them were absorbed into the country that would become known as Libertica by that time. Libertica attacked Dephry and the Battalion quite often, but the other two won quite a few of the skirmishes. Finally instead of attacking both the Battalion and Dephry, Libertica focused attacks on all remaining other countries. Dephry intended to reach out to defend the remaining countries, but by the year 245 all of the remaining countries were absorbed into the giant of Libertica.

It was at this point that Dephry tried to summon monsters into the world, to try and beat back Libertica. For a while this worked, and Dephry and Libertica warred on for nearly 30 years this way. Libertica took heavy casualties, whereas with Dephry, they only lost some people and mostly monsters. At 275, the monsters took the castles at Libertica and Dephry, and focused fire on the Battalion.

The Battalion of Magi Protection successfully defended the first few attacks, as it wasn't until 280 that the demons finally took hold over their first castle in Battalion land. The castle was called Demon Castle, even before they took it. Ironic, eh?

A mysterious person showed up, and defeated all of the demons in Battalion land and Demon Castle. It was here that this person went to Libertica next, and found the demon's stronghold at Fort Liberty. Exorcising the demons away, the stranger than went to Dephry's land before killing all of the demonic inhabitants, including those in it's major town, Free Castle.

Thankful to this stranger, the warring countries stopped fighting for a while, and peace continued until the year 450.



World War Era:

450 - 665 (215 years of war. Holy crap.)

The peace until the year 450 was tense. Advancements in the art of weaponry, magic, and technology in general were fast and furious. At this point, Libertica caught one of Dephry's spies on Libertica land, causing the spy to tell why he was there; to scout out potential weaknesses in Libertica. Angered by the blatant sign of attack, and ignoring all signs of Dephry's innocence, Libertica attacked Dephry with all its might.

The Battalion of Magi Protection, having chosen to instead side with Dephry as opposed to last time, in which it remained neutral, Libertica attacked Dephry and provoked the Battalion's wrath. After a barely successful defense at the first battle, titled the Battle of Ichi Valley, Dephry rounded up their troops and marched straight into Libertica.

The Battalion also attacked Libertica, aiding Dephry. Caught between the Battalion, Dephry, and a small cliffside, Libertica surrendured. Their surrender started in year 451. Peace started once more in this land. It would barely last six months.

The Battalion this time around, caught a spy who was pretending to be a spy for Libertica. After some cleverly worded questions, it was revealed the spy was instead sided with Dephry. Instead of attacking right away, they sent the spy into the land of Libertica with no weapons, and a giant sign saying "I'm from Dephry." He was never seen again.

Dephry, angered at this embarrassment by its spies, at being caught twice, once by each country, tried to pin the blame on Libertica. Libertica, still not having recovered from its beatdown not even six months previous, was obviously in no condition to be doing anything.

Dephry tried to wait it out, and see what would happen. This proved to be a mistake, as people from the Battalion, of their own free will, slowly inserted themselves into Dephry's ranks of soldiers, businessmen, and farmers. Times were tense here, as any accusations of being a spy were rewarded with immediate death, regardless of whether they were right or not.

The people of the Battalion attacked in the year 452. In the surprise attack, nearly half the population of Dephry was killed, and another quarter injured. The attack was called "What happens when you try and put a spy into the Battalion's Ranks, you jackasses." by many people in the Battalion afterwards.

Libertica, seeing what happened to Dephry and choosing now would be a perfect time to attack, did so. But they didn't attack Dephry. They attacked the Battalion of Magi Protection.

The Battalion, not expecting the attack, lost nearly a fifth of its soldiers in the attack, which was called "Libertica's Insanity". Dephry, choosing to remain neutral, wanted to see what would happen between the two other countries.

The Battalion retaliated. Since they didn't have the overwhelming population that Dephry or Libertica did, they were beat back. The odds were even, the Battalions technology vs. Libertica's sheer numbers.

Libertica, in an attempt to try and even the odds more so than they were already, attacked the Battlion through Dephry's country. The Battalion, not expecting this, took heavy losses in the attack, but retaliated through the same manner, causing Dephry to lose a number of citizens.

The year 465. Dephry, choosing to instead just attack both sides instead of remaining neutral and losing more people, finally joined the fray. The entire world was at war here, it could only be called a giant "World War."

The war continued on this way until about 655 or so, when that same mysterious stranger from nearly 375 years previous showed up. Choosing a side, he was the one who helped his side win the majority of battles he fought in, allowing them to "win" the war. The Battalion still came out on top, both in terms of technology and number of citizens at the end, with Libertica in second and Dephry in third, but it was this way for well before the stranger showed up.

Finally, peace in the world instead of just constant fighting. The peace lasted until the year 666 approached, with something so evil that people thought the entire world would be wiped out.



Apocalypse

Year 666

The Apocalypse lasted one year. One short year. The Demons, not content to remain killed or exorcised rised from their graves, intent on killing everyone they could. They succeeded.

Dephry was the first attack. Hundreds of thousands of monsters attacked all the major town of Dephry at the same time. With hardly any warning at all, Dephry was swiftly but surely captured and killed. It withstood the attacks for barely 12 hours.

The demons attacked Libertica next. Libertica, with slightly more warning that Dephry had, withstood the barrages for nearly three months. With no information able to go inside or outside the country, it was almost a miracle when the Battalion attacked the Demons.

Having the Demons beaten back somewhat, Libertica joined forces with the Battalion to try and force the Demons back. For the most part, they succeeded for around four more months. Finally, one of the monsters found its way into the heart of a Libertican city, specifically Freefell, the site of the previous Fort Liberty. Freefell fell within hours, after the monster revealed its entrance and how it got there to the other Demons.

Libertica didn't survive much longer after that. Barely a month after Freefell, the rest of Libertica failed as well. Eight months in, and two of the major countries in the world were already downed.

The Demons tried to attack the Battalion next, but by then the Magi, the key protectors of the Battalion, had been able to work up a shield to keep the Demons out of the cities. Not out of the country, there wasn't enough Energy for that, but the Battalion, being on the largest Energy deposit in the world, had more than enough to keep all cities, large and small, free from the Demonic attack.

The demons pressed for four more months. On the Eve of the year 667, the Demons fell completely, leaving the Battalion of Magi Protection reasonably well off. The other two countries however, were nothing more than complete wastelands.


Post-Apocalyptic

667 - 1000

The world was in shambles after the Demonic Invasion. Hundreds of millions of people were dead, and two of the three major countries were completely useless. The Battalion spread out, absorbing the previously known Libertica and Dephry. The people tried to rebuild the previous cities with nothing more than dust.

It continued this way, with hundreds of thousands of people struggling to survive in the wastelands, for several hundred years, until the year 824. It was here that the mysterious stranger of hundreds of years previous showed up once more. Being able to be recognized only by the most advanced of historians, AKA only one person, the stranger continued to help out the Wasteland, as it was known as now, to rebuild.

Once the first major city was up and running, and the gang that was near that area was killed, the stranger disappeared. The world continued on, just as it had the three times previous, and it would continue for years onwards.

Nearing the year 1000 mark, technology advanced a remarkable degree. Remembering what the stranger had on him, they modeled their technology after his. Prisoners, of those few that were rarely kept alive, worked for a living, or shipped off to an unknown remote location in Battalion soil.



Hub World

Year 1000

On this remote location, Magic was near its strongest. Time distortions were common and not unusual. One particular person was caught and imprisoned, for a crime he didn't know he did. And that's...where our story begins.